Modify Backend.lookup to accept list of URIs (#2145)
mopidy/mopidy: docs/changelog.rst

- Switched from mypy to pyright for type checking.

API 
---

> - Changed :meth:`mopidy.Backend.lookup` to take a list of URIs and enforce returning a dict   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added :meth:`mopidy.Backend.lookup_batches` to take a list of URIs and return a mapping of URIs to tracks. If this method is not implemented then repeated calls to :meth:`mopidy.Backend.lookup` will be used as a fallback.
```
